
IT is the backbone of the modern world. It enables the day-to-day business of us all. At the same time IT has become extremely complex. Thus, specialists ensure that 
critical IT infrastructures and applications operate without problems in these challenging environments. Our mission is to develop the best tools to support these 
specialists to ensure they can fulfill their crucial tasks.

As one of the leading providers of IT monitoring solutions, our software ‘Checkmk’ monitors millions of systems and software applications in your multi-clouds, data 
centers or even in smaller IoT devices. Over 2,500 paying customers use the Checkmk Enterprise Edition on a daily basis, and our Open Source version has tens of 
thousands of users worldwide. By working closely with this community, we ensure that our product really helps our customers.

Our offices are located in the heart of Munich, in Haidhausen, a district known for its many cafés, restaurants, bars, and small shops. To enable our high growth, we 
are looking for a

Software Test Automation Engineer (m/f/d)

As a software test automation engineer, you are committed to topics such as test-driven development, CI/CD and software quality and you drive these forward. The goal 
is to further improve our software quality and enable faster testing. At the same time, as a Python developer, you will be involved in the software development of our 
monitoring solution Checkmk.

Your Tasks
You advise the development team regarding test methods
You support the definition and implementation of test and automation methods
You take responsibility for the further integration of our test framework with the CI
You help to establish a framework to support developers in building automated functional tests
You work hand in hand with other developers to build automated test and spread the word about the test mechanisms which are available
You help improving our automated functional testing coverage by using the best fitting test mechanism (E2E, system tests, integration tests)
 
Your Profile
You have experience in test automation
You have experience as a backend developer with Python
You have several years of professional experience in the development of larger software projects
You have ideally a degree in computer science or comparable education
You have experience with agile development practices (Scrum, Kanban, TDD, CI, Pair Programming, …)
You are passionate for current technology developments and their applications
You have a strong ability to grasp complex tasks and respond with solutions that are as straightforward as possible
You enjoy contact with customers and users
Business fluent in written and spoken English. Know-how or interest in learning German is a plus but not required
Knowledge in IT infrastructure and application monitoring with open source or commercial software products is a plus
 
We offer
We are a dynamic, fast growing and easy-going company where positive collaboration is very important. We are more than just colleagues; we have a strong team and a 
great customer community. For us, high autonomy and flat hierarchies are not just words on paper, but everyday life. With us you don’t work as one of hundreds or on 
purely theoretical questions but have an immediate positive influence.

With our product, we make the lives of thousands of administrators easier and help them in coping with the increasing complexity of IT. Our customers love our product
and your work helps to keep it that way!

The chance to make a decisive impact and shape the future of a dynamic, fast growing tech company while growing with your tasks and responsibilities
Fully remote work within the EU or high flexibility between mobile work and an office in one of the most beautiful, central districs of Munich
A agile team that embodies autonomy and fast decision making within flat hierarchies
A unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion
A personal budget for trainings and learnings
A product and company customers love
A wide range of education and training opportunities
Flexible and family-friendly working conditions
Regular events of all sorts in a familiar atmosphere
 
Interested? Then contact us now!

You can get insights about working@tribe29 at: www.kununu.com/de/tribe29

Contact:
tribe29 GmbH
Oliver Gronwald
Kellerstraße 29
81667 Munich

+49 (0)89 9982 097 64
jobs@tribe29.com
