
IT is the backbone of the modern world. It enables the day-to-day business of us all. At the same time IT has become extremely complex. Thus, specialists ensure
that critical IT infrastructures and applications operate without problems in these challenging environments. Our mission is to develop the best tools to support 
these specialists to ensure they can fulfill their crucial tasks.

As one of the leading providers of IT monitoring solutions, our software ‘Checkmk’ monitors millions of systems and software applications in your multi-clouds, 
data centers or even in smaller IoT devices. Over 2,500 paying customers use the Checkmk Enterprise Edition on a daily basis, and our Open Source version has tens 
of thousands of users worldwide. By working closely with this community, we ensure that our product really helps our customers.

Our offices are located in the heart of Munich, in Haidhausen, a district known for its many cafés, restaurants, bars, and small shops. To enable our high growth, 
we are looking for a

Team Lead / Manager QA (m/f/d)
 
As a Team Lead / Manager QA (m/w/d) you will have either a Team Lead or a Tech Lead focus. As a Team Lead you are responsible for the QA Strategy including test
plans, test strategies, test tools, test execution as automated or manual tests. The Lead ensures that the team exchanges regularly with other teams to get a good 
understanding of the upcoming changes and needs. The Lead is responsible for the assignment of work and workload within the team. The main difference as a Tech Lead 
is that the Tech Lead is not the direct report of the QA members. The Tech Lead would take over the technical leadership and the product owner role for that team.
 
Your Tasks
You are responsible for the QA Strategy. This includes constant development and constant improvement of the test plans, test strategies, test tools, test execution as automated or manual tests
You exchange with stakeholders to understand the requirements the QA has to meet
You organize the QA to be aligned with the planned cycles
You manage the work of the test automation engineers
You manage the work of the manual testers
You are working hands-on together with your team members
 
Your Profile
You have experience in conception, development and management of software testing (Python, Linux environment is a plus)
You have worked in test automation for multiple years
You have strong analytical skills and problem solving, hands-on mentality
You have high quality standards
You have several years of professional experience in the development of larger software projects
You have ideally a degree in computer science or comparable education
You have experience with agile development practices (Scrum, Kanban, TDD, CI, Pair Programming, …)
You are passionate for current technology developments and their applications
You have a strong ability to grasp complex tasks and respond with solutions that are as straightforward as possible
You enjoy solving problems in the best possible way for your customers
Business fluent in written and spoken English. Knowhow or interest in learning German is a plus but not required
Knowledge in IT infrastructure and application monitoring with open source or commercial software is a plus
 
We offer
We are a dynamic, fast growing and easy-going company where positive collaboration is very important. We are more than just colleagues; we have a strong team and a 
great customer community. For us, high autonomy and flat hierarchies are not just words on paper, but everyday life. With us you don’t work as one of hundreds or on 
purely theoretical questions but have an immediate positive influence.

With our product, we make the lives of thousands of administrators easier and help them in coping with the increasing complexity of IT. Our customers love our product
and your work helps to keep it that way!

The chance to make a decisive impact and shape the future of a dynamic, fast growing tech company while growing with your tasks and responsibilities
Fully remote work within the EU or high flexibility between mobile work and an office in one of the most beautiful, central districs of Munich
- A agile team that embodies autonomy and fast decision making within flat hierarchies
- A unique corporate culture where we emphasize equity, diversity and inclusion
- A personal budget for trainings and learnings
- A product and company customers love
- A wide range of education and training opportunities
- Flexible and family-friendly working conditions
- Regular events of all sorts in a familiar atmosphere
 
Interested? Then contact us now!

You can get insights about working@tribe29 at: www.kununu.com/de/tribe29

Contact:
tribe29 GmbH
Oliver Gronwald
Kellerstraße 29
81667 Munich

+49 (0)89 9982 097 64
jobs@tribe29.com
